docs: add composition api example for dynamic routes (#2365)
nuxt/framework: docs/content/3.docs/2.directory-structure/9.pages.md

admins 123
```

If you want to access the route using Composition API, there is a global `useRoute` function that will allow you to access the route just like `this.$route` in the Options API.

```js
<script setup>
// This import statement is optional since it's automatically imported by Nuxt.

> import { useRoute } from '#imports'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// import { useRoute } from '#imports'
```

admins 123
```

> If you want to access the route in using Composition API, there is a global `useRoute` function that will allow you to access the route just like `this.$route` in the Options API.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to access the route using Composition API, there is a global `useRoute` function that will allow you to access the route just like `this.$route` in the Options API.
```

```js
<script setup>

> // This import statement is optional since it's automatically imported by Nuxt
> // but documented here so you're aware where it is coming from.
> import { useRoute } from 'vue-router'

Reviewer 2: Given https://github.com/nuxt/framework/pull/2406, it may be worth updating to:

```suggestion
// This import statement is optional since it's automatically imported by Nuxt.
import { useRoute } from '#imports'
```

const route = useRoute()

> if (route.params.group === 'admins' and !route.params.id) {

Reviewer 3: Should there be an ampersand here?

Author: You're totally right 😅. Thanks for the catch!

```suggestion
if (route.params.group === 'admins' && !route.params.id) {
```
